Tasks to Acheieve

1. Bring Cohesion in HR Team
2. Help Aleem guide with the 15 interviews handed to him by Mr. Hackney
3. Talk to Hasnia about guiding Marmar in the team.
4. Work with employees on how to use AI
5. Finalize about Tasmia- Fire or keep her.
6. Coaching to Aleem
7. Talk to Boss about employees' employeement letter and salary slip
8. Make documentation on HR Cohesion
9. Help Aleem with script that he can use in What's app to set interview with applicants
10. Talk to Aleem how he can use D.R.O.I.D.S concept during Interviews

## How to give training & do KT
* Record the training 
* Share the recordings with peers  
* Make .md notes 
* share the .md notes with all employees
* Ask them to do it in front of you to see if they know it and understood it. 

## How to use Zee and Marisa in a channel conversation of MS Teams
1. Click on the option Teams inside MS Teams 
2. It will lead you to Channels
3. Go to the required channel where you want to talk to Zee or Marisa
4. Click on the "start conversation" option
5. Make a topic up to 500 words
 * hit "enter" to send the message
6. @mention Zee or Marisa, _________ (your command or question)
 * hit "enter" to send the message
 * Don't forget to use "comma "," and space after comma after you mention Zee or Marisa.
7. Continue @mention Zee or Marisa, ____________
 * do this for all future questions
 * The question asked should be as small as possible
 * Do not use words like "write, give me, please, provide me" in the question.
 * Short and crisp questions with maximum of 4-5 words.
